[16.0][ADD] product_export_wamas (#10)
QuocDuong1306/edi: product_export_wamas/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module provide method to export product and product packaging data as WAMAS format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a method to export products and product packagings as WAMAS format.
```

Reviewer: (consistency between manifest and `DESCRIPTION.rst`)
